So far in these examples what we've done is we've used the property names as the names of our local
variables as well.
So the name here like identifier would also be the name of our local variable that we set up with this
destructuring syntax.
However what if we want to use a different variable name would if we don't want to use the same name
that we have right here.
Well there is absolutely a way to do that.
So what we'll do is make a new Konst and we'll call it drink because we're creative and will make a
temperature of hot.
And then after that we will do taste bitter and we'll do a name of coffee like so.
So what we can do now is essentially come down here and we'll define some new variables and we'll do
our object literal syntax.
But instead what we'll do is a little different we'll do temperature.
I can spell that correctly and we'll set that to local temperature.
Same thing here taste will be set will be assigned to local taste.
And last but not least name will be assigned to local name like so now obviously is pretty long if you
want to you can easily break this down onto multiple lines.
There is no rule against that.
And then afterwards we can just drink like so and now if I do a concert or log local you can see we
have all of them now so local and then we'll taste and then local name like so you'll see these are
actually the variables that we created local temperature local taste and local name.
So in other words what essentially happens is the reverse of traditional object literal syntax.
Here we set up the name.
Now we want to identify a buyer reference it by and then we assign the value.
But here we define the name on the right and the value we want it to be set.
On the left.
But the way that you might think of if this helps you kind of remember it is here we are on the right
side.
And so we go from left to right here on the left side.
So we go from right to left.
So if that helps you think of it then by all means do so.
If that just confuses you more and you'd prefer to just memorize it by all means do that as well.
But either way now we have these custom variable names but we're still structuring it and pulling out
specific properties that you want.
And of course if you want to you can still provide a default value.
So let's say we have another property we want to pull out.
Like for example a flavor rating.
And then if there's nothing by that name we'll do local rating equals and then a 9.
And so now if I pull out local rating you'll see that once again we can still apply that default syntax
and it'll print out nine.